For the G2, I first enabled crystal. Then set P1.0 and P1.6 which were the LEDs to output. After I set the button P1.3 to be a pull up. Then set both LEDs to be on. Then enabled an interrupt to hold current state of LED when button is pressed. Also making sure to set P1.3 to have high-to-low behavior. After the frequency was set to 10Hz by making TA0CCR0 = 103. ACLK was selected counting up with a divider of 8. An infnite loop is then set. Timer Interrupt is then triggered when clock counts up to CCR0 value for TIMER A. This causes the toggle of the LEDs. Next set the port 1 interrupt to ocurr when the button (P1.3) changes from high to low. Then set if statement where if P1IES AND BIT3 are 1 clear values, changes clock mode out of continuous, and eedge is selected from low to high. Else revert clock mode to up/down and select edge from high to low. Lastly clear interrupt.

For the F5299, I first set P1.0 a LED to output. After I set the button P1.1 to be a pull up. Then set LED to be on. Then enabled an interrupt to hold current state of LED when button is pressed. Also making sure to set P1.1 to have high-to-low behavior. After the frequency was set to 10Hz by making TA0CCR0 = 103. ACLK was selected counting up with a divider of 4. An infnite loop is then set. Timer Interrupt is then triggered when clock counts up to CCR0 value for TIMER A. This causes the toggle of the LEDs. Next set the port 1 interrupt to ocurr when the button (P1.0) changes from high to low. Then set if statement where if P1IES AND BIT3 are 1 clear values, changes clock mode out of continuous, and eedge is selected from low to high. Else revert clock mode to up/down and select edge from high to low. Lastly clear interrupt.

